Issue 3205 : Test and edit Kong Gateway (OSS) Quickstart guide (#3270)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway-oss/2.5.x/getting-started/configuring-a-grpc-service.md

Kong with an upstream REST API, check out the [Configuring a Service guide][conf-service].

Starting with version 1.3, gRPC proxying is natively supported in Kong. In this

> section, you're going to learn how to configure Kong to manage your gRPC services. For the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
section, you'll learn how to configure Kong to manage your gRPC services. For the
```

Keeping it concise and more colloquial.

purpose of this guide, you can use [grpcurl][grpcurl] and [grpcbin][grpcbin] - they
provide a gRPC client and gRPC services, respectively.

You have to describe two setups: Single gRPC Service and Route and single gRPC Service
with multiple Routes. In the former, a single catch-all Route is configured, which
proxies all matching gRPC traffic to an upstream gRPC service. The latter demonstrates
how to use a Route per gRPC method.

In Kong 1.3, gRPC support assumes gRPC over HTTP/2 framing. As such, make sure
you have at least one HTTP/2 proxy listener (check out the [Configuration Reference][configuration-reference]

> for how to). In this guide, you have to assume Kong is listening for HTTP/2 proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for how to). In this guide, we'll assume Kong is listening for HTTP/2 proxy
```

  -plaintext localhost:9080 hello.HelloService.SayHello
```

> The response shall resemble the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response should resemble the following:
```

Sent 1 request and received 1 response
```

Notice that the response inserts the Kong response headers, such as `via` and `x-kong-proxy-latency`.

## 2. Single gRPC Service with Multiple Routes

Building on top of the previous example, let's create a few more routes, for
individual gRPC methods.

The gRPC "HelloService" service being used in this example exposes a few different

> methods which can be seen in [its protobuf file][protobuf]. You're going to create individual routes for its "SayHello" and LotsOfReplies methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
methods which can be seen in [its protobuf file][protobuf]. You'll create individual routes for its "SayHello" and LotsOfReplies methods.
```

  --data name=lots-of-replies
```

> With this setup, gRPC requests to the "SayHello" method are going to match the first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this setup, gRPC requests to the "SayHello" method will match the first
```

  localhost:9080 hello.HelloService.SayHello
```

(Notice that we are sending a header `kong-debug`, which causes Kong to insert
debugging information in response headers.)

> The response shall look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response should look like:
```

  localhost:9080 hello.HelloService.LotsOfReplies
```

> The response shall look like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response should look like the following:
```

**Note:**
Some gRPC clients (typically CLI clients) issue ["gRPC Reflection Requests"][grpc-reflection]
as a means of determining what methods a server exports and how those methods are called.
Those requests have a particular path; for example, `/grpc.reflection.v1alpha.ServerReflection/ServerReflectionInfo`, 
which is a valid reflection path. As with any proxy request, Kong needs to know how to

> route these; in the current example, they have to be routed to the catch-all route

Reviewer: ```suggestion
route these. In the current example, they would be routed to the catch-all route
```

(whose path is `/`, matching any path). If no route matches the gRPC reflection

> request, Kong responds, as expected, with a `404 Not Found` response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
request, Kong responds with a `404 Not Found` response.
```
